our neighbors bless their hearts a great
set of stereo speakers and they've
located them I think on hardwood floor
about six inches from that wall that
separates their house with ours it's
early in the morning they've got some
musical in the concent like and I've
decided that it's a great time to make
some juice the breville juice fountain
is the perfect tool for extracting juice
from the fruits of your choice and for
punishing your neighbors for their
annoying habits here's why with a 600
watt motor capable of 13,000 rpm this
baby could extract juice from a bowling
ball and in mere moments the breville
juice fountain is going to turn this
pile of peaches into a delicious cup of
frothy neighborly justice so I've
chopped up my peaches and we're ready to
go yeah they're a little bit sloppy
looking but they were remainders at the
farmers market so they were cheap oh did
I forget to chop those apples up oh ho
ho wait friends you're going to see
something very special any lingering
guilt I may have over this operation has
been stabbed completely by the fact that
my neighbors have now switched over to
something that sounds like a ten year
old boy trying to learn how to play the
bass guitar so
delicious
justice team
then that'd look good
I haven't even drank yet and I already
feel healthier and better about myself
the breville juice fountain is the best
invention ever folks in apartments and
townhomes will find it a five-star
appliance and if you own a single-family
detached house you may find its juice
making capacity to be excellent as well
what's that I hear no more music
thanks breville juice fountain